your buddy quick video about my to revo
3.3 I over here I've got my evo 3.3 got
a techno RC electric conversion with
techno sway bars and front traxxas I got
the center diff and rear brake kit for
rims and tires I've got Jake concept
boot luxe rims and proline holeshot
tires well yeah and I've got rpm front
and rear arms with RPM axle carriers
front and rear also and over here is my
revo 3.3 nitro I try to raise prep it
it's got the technical RC fuel tank and
battery conversion and a technology pro
throttle linkage can't really see it but
it's in there from traxxas I've got the
sway bars Center div and rear brake it
ah let's see and can't really see it but
I've got an M to see three shoe aluminum
racing clutch in the clutch bell and I
also got the HQ header and jado
resonator multi on the side rooms and
tires again take on some rule experience
and check on set double D tires these on
my to revo